[Music]
[Applause]
audrey hepburn now welcomes you to Rome
as the captive princess who goes out on
the town to have some fun with Greg as
the bewildered bachelor who winds up
with a royal blush even with my dress on
my dress off it's most unusual yes it's
the real lowdown on her Highness when
she turns into a pixie on the prowl
letting her hair down all the way to
find the kind of forbidden excitement
she's always longed for tell you what
why don't we do all those things
together don't you have to work work Wow
today's gonna be a holiday and what a
holiday a Roman holiday when all the
things happen you'd always hope for on
the happiest day of your life
[Music]
one on the run as the princess gives
great a regal and highly illegal scoot
around and you'll be there to share the
excitement of the wildest escapades that
ever set the Eternal City on it here
[Music]
[Applause]